chore: update wire utils to work with wire reform (#21)
salesforce/wire-service-jest-util: README.md

## Overview

> The utility works by allowing component unit tests change the behavior of the wire adapter mock. Registration returns a test adapter which has the ability to emit data and get the last resolved `@wire` configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The utility works by allowing component unit tests to change the behavior of the wire adapter mock. Registration returns a test adapter which has the ability to emit data and get the last resolved `@wire` configuration.
```

    getLastConfig(): object
}
```

> ## Breaking changes

Reviewer 2: Remove the breaking change header, just keep the migration section.

> ### Migrating from version 2.x to 3.x

Reviewer 2: We should put a link to this section at the top of the README. This would make it developers to spot the migration steps.

LWC version 1.5.0 includes a [reform to the wire protocol](https://github.com/salesforce/lwc-rfcs/blob/master/text/0000-wire-reform.md). With such reform, the wire-service now requires a wire-adapter in the proper format.

In version 2.x of the library, you may be using a custom mock, for example for `lightning/navigation`:

```js
export const CurrentPageReference = jest.fn();

// ... rest of the mocked module.
```

> You will need to change that module mock and use the new `createWireAdapterMock` included in function in version 3.x. Example:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You will need to change that module mock and use the new `createWireAdapterMock` method introduced in version 3.x. Example:
```
